easy back-to-school hairstyles for the
first option you want to take a section
of hair enter a regular three strand
braid today I'm going to show you a very
easy way to master a waterfall braid now
you want to peak your fingers in between
the first crossing take a little section
of hair and pass it through now do the
same for the second crossing pick a
section of hair and pass it through open
up the crossing with your fingers and
pick up your section repeat the same
steps for as long as you want and when
you're happy with the result you're done
as you can see it's very easy to do and
the result is the same as if you did a
waterfall braid option number two is a
French rope braid to do this you need to
pick two sections of hair twist them and
cross them over each other then you need
to add hair to the bottom section twist
again and cross over the other section
add here to the bottom section twist and
cross you want to keep on french rope
braiding until you reach your ear level
and from there on you need to do a
regular row braid dye your hair with an
elastic and do the same on the other
side take two sections of hair twist
them cross them over each other and add
hair to the bottom section twist again
cross over and add hair to the bottom
section remember that both sections need
to be twist it in the same direction and
you only adhere to the bottom one row
braid the rest of your hair and tie it
with a small elastic you could leave it
like this but I think it looks cuter if
you give some shape to your front pieces
you can do this with a flat iron or with
your curling wand apply a little bit of
hairspray and you're done you can leave
your robe rates down or you can bring
them to the back and tie them together
with a small elastic for this option
we're going to do several linked knots
for this you need to do your first knot
take a bobby pin and stick it in place
next you need to take your section of
hair add some hair to it and then wrap
the section around your fingers bring
them down the opposite direction and
pass the ends through the loop to create
the knot stick the knot in place with a
bobby pin add some more hair to your
section wrap it around your fingers
bring them down the opposite direction
take your section pass it through the
loop and voila you have your third knot
stick it in place and you're done I
really hope you enjoyed this video if
you did please give it a thumbs up and
leave your comments down below don't
forget to subscribe to my channel and
check me on Twitter Facebook and on my
website www.rinaldin.com share the love
of your friends and see you soon